News: We are pleased to inform the team that our company has been enlisted to support by providing resources for the TIAA project.
Innovative IT Solutions for Your Business
Welcome to IT iON Solutions, where cutting-edge technology meets exceptional service. Our team of young, energetic, and experienced professionals is dedicated to helping you achieve your business goals with innovative IT solutions tailored to your needs.
Explore Our Services
What We Can Do For You
Services we can
help you with
Our iON ERP system streamlines your business processes, improving efficiency and providing real-time insights into your operations.
Our specialized SAP implementation services cover the full life cycle, from initial consulting to post-implementation support, ensuring smooth transitions and sustained performance.
We develop tailor-made software solutions that cater to your specific business needs, ensuring seamless integration and enhanced productivity.
Our Products
Some of our finest work.
iON ERP
iON Financial Management
iON Presales
iON PayRoll
iON Retail
Why Choose Us?
IT iON is relentlessly on the rise, expanding our client base with reliable services and deliverables. We strive to make a positive and long-term business impact by going beyond the client-vendor relationship and becoming a comprehensive part of our customers’ enterprises.
We offer a full suite of IT Solutions under the IT iON – Enterprise Management System, including standard products, software solutions, and custom application development. Our integrated products allow you to start with any one product and easily add others to fit your needs.
Low Cost
Best software solution with complete flexibility at an affordable price
Quick Implementation
Standard ERP implementation time is only couple of weeks
Zero Dependency
Software is highly customizable for the unique needs of businesses with zero dependency on technical team
latest Features
Online / Offline, Web enabled, Mobile enabled, WhatsApp, Office Integration and many more…
Top Clients
We’ve built solutions for...
What's Going On
Latest Features
We stay ahead of the technology curve to provide you with the most advanced and effective solutions.
Customization Engine
Change Column positions , choose colours for each screen , Rename captions , Change column Propoerties.
Third Party Integration
Ms-office Integration , Email Integration, SMS / WhatsApp Integration
User Configurable
Authorisation flow,screen configuration, screen layouts, report layouts , user defined shortcuts, customisable Quick Access Menu, user reports to dashboard from XLS,CLV
Advanced Security
Audit Logs,Audit Trails,Transacted History of Transactions
SMS Integration
User defined SMS from screens and reports as acknowledgements,payment information,transport information , thanking for sales , salary deposited and updating notices.
Reporting Tools
Flexi Reports ,Design reports by query, split reports , change column properties.
Labels Designer
Design Labels from/for any given report with user defined options for Number of copies and layouts as Adress Labels, Barcode Labels, Id Cards, Pay-slips etc.,
Graphs and Charts
Graphs and charts of Reports
Let's Work Together
Need a successful project?
Estimate Project
Get in touch!
We'd Love to Hear from You!
At IT iON Solutions, we are here to help you with all your IT needs. Whether you have a question about our services, need a custom solution, or want to discuss how we can help your business grow, our team is ready to assist you.
Subscribe
Services
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
SAP Implementation
Custom Software Development
Support
© 2025. All rights reserved by IT iON Solutions Inc.